Release v24.6.1 (#87)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: gpu-operator/release-notes.rst

----

.. _v24.6.1:

24.6.1
======

.. _v24.6.1-new-features:

New Features
------------

> * Added support for NVIDIA Container Toolkit v1.16.2.
>   Refer to the :ref:`GPU Operator Component Matrix`
>   on the platform support page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for NVIDIA Kubernetes Device Plugin v0.16.2.
  Refer to the :ref:`GPU Operator Component Matrix`
  on the platform support page.
```

----

.. _v24.6.1:

24.6.1
======

.. _v24.6.1-new-features:

New Features
------------

* Added support for the following software component versions:

>   - NVIDIA Container Toolkit v1.16.2

Reviewer: We did not bump the toolkit version
```suggestion
```

Author: TY.  I meant to add ` NVIDIA GPU Feature Discovery for Kubernetes v0.16.2`.

  - NVIDIA GPU Feature Discovery for Kubernetes v0.16.2

  Refer to the :ref:`GPU Operator Component Matrix`
  on the platform support page.

.. _v24.6.1-fixed-issues:

Fixed Issues
------------

* Fixed an issue with role-based access controls that prevented a service account from accessing config maps.
  Refer to Github `issue #883 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/gpu-operator/issues/883>`__ for more details.

> * Fixed an issue with role-based access controls that prevented retrieving NVIDIA Driver daemon set information.

Reviewer 2: Can we specify that this was a fix in `gpu-operator-validator`?
